# S-P-BALASUBRAHMANYAM
Sripathi Panditaradhyula Balasubrahmanyam (4 June 1946 – 25 September 2020), also referred to as S. P. Balu or SPB, was an Indian musician, playback singer, music director, actor, dubbing artist and film producer who worked predominantly in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Hindi and Malayalam.  Affectionately called as ‘Balu’ in his friends’ circle, SPB made his singing debut in 1966 with the Telugu movie Sri Sri Sri Maryada Ramanna, and went on to sing over 40,000 songs in as many as 16 languages including Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada, and Hindi.  He also won the Guinness World Record for recording the highest number of songs by a singer.  He bagged six National Film Awards for Best Male Playback Singer for his songs in four different languages (Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, and Hindi), as well as 25 Andhra Pradesh state Nandi Awards for his work in Telugu cinema, apart from numerous other state awards from Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.  In addition, he also garnered six Filmfare Awards. In 2012, he received the state NTR National Award for his contributions to Indian cinema. In 2016, he was honored with the Indian Film Personality of the Year consisting of a Silver Peacock Medal.  He was a recipient of civilian awards Padma Shri (2001) and Padma Bhushan (2011). On September 25, 2020, he died in MGM Hospital due breathing difficulties, even though he recovered from COVID-19.This website is made on tribute to SPB sir.My project includes HTML and CSS i.e. Hypertext markup Language and Cascading style sheet.  Html allows us to create and structure section, paragraph, headings, links, images and quotes for the webpages and application. CSS is used for defining the styles for web pages. It describes the look and formatting of a document which is written in the markup language. It provides an additional features to HTML. It is generally used with HTML to changes the style of web pages and user interface. In my project we have used text style, margin, padding, hover, background color, wrap and many more. CSS are of three way you can use to implement CSS : Internal ,External and Inline Styles In CSS you can assign and control the style of HTML elements on a web pages using a number of selectors. ID and Class are two of the most used CSS selectors that not only help with building the layout of the HTML document but they help in styling it. It control the layout of webpages all at once.
